"Inquiry Report"
These are the incident records that may be connected
to the White-Clad that we discovered the other day.
The 8th's first fire. This is the research report from right after
the sister and Maki joined up.
Come to think of it, how is it that the 8th came to be?
I haven't heard about what happened before I joined.
Well, let's see. It has to do with the matter of the heart of the 8th.
Lieutenant, tell them.
Huh?
You're the better talker. That's an order.
"Solar Year 195"
"Tokyo Imperial Armed Forces"
"Yokota Base"
The darkness is illuminated
The days we've grown accustomed to walking are weeded out
My dream might be to make a stable living
but I'll moan over the lack of stimulation
The end is illuminated
Where are the streets we're accustomed to walking?
Time can sometimes be irksome,
but we're enveloped in warmth
Flames rise to show us the way
reminding us of a gentle melody
There is no eternity, none at all, they say
I just smile, thinking that's fine with me
If we shine, someday, our light will go out
We'll keep on walking until the day
the fire of our lives gets doused
Playthings that make sounds
and magic that chases pain away
are all precious treasures to me
There is no eternity, none at all, they say
We'll keep on walking until the day
the fire of our lives gets doused
I hear there has been another increase in Infernals lately.
Maybe there's something better we could be doing
besides patrolling and investigating criminals.
Infernals fall under the Special Fire Force's jurisdiction.
Don't get any funny ideas.
Sergeant Hinawa!
I'll see you tomorrow, sir.
I don't recognize her.
Could she be...?
General Oze's daughter, Private Maki Oze.
She's so thin.
Is she all right?
She gives twice the effort of the others.
She also trains even harder than she's told to.
She'll build up her strength before you know it.
Pretty impressive for being a general's daughter.
She's still daddy's little girl, though, and only got in because of him.
She's too kind... and desperately not cut out to be a soldier.
All of the work she's putting in now will be for nothing.
You're as harsh as ever, aren't you?
If she's trying that hard, you should be behind her.
Wasted effort doesn't get to be called effort.
She's no different from a goldbricker.
I'm surprised you'd say something like that about such a cute girl.
That's because you're too kind, Tojo.
Something the matter with that gun?
I'm following the Special Fire Force and took it to be baptized at the church.
Speaking of wastes.
Waste? Between a gun that was baptized and one that wasn't,
you'd rather be shot by the baptized gun, right?
How about it, Hinawa?
If you go to the church and have your gun baptized, too, just to try it,
your point of view might change a little.
I don't believe in Sol. It's not like the effects of shooting a gun change
just because it's been baptized.
I've known you for a long time, and that's what I thought you'd say.
How come someone as kind as you sticks with me, anyway?
Hinawa, you're not as cold a fish as you think you are.
I mean, you are bussing my tray with yours.
Tojo?!
Hinawa! Shoot!
Shoot me! While I'm still conscious!
Hurry up and shoot!
Shoot!
You'd rather be shot by the baptized gun, right?
Wait--
Why couldn't I shoot him? I failed to shoot him...
Lieutenant Tojo's gun.
I finished changing the owner's name to yours, as you requested.
Thank you very much.
The Blue Stripes have arrived!
We'll direct the civilians and check the spread of the fire
until they finish putting them to rest.
Reporting in! I'm in charge of the Fire Fighters here, Akitaru Obi.
We heard there were two Infernals.
Yes. There are two, but they are currently in different locations.
One is belligerent, and is currently running around inside our cordon.
The other one is more docile, and staying inside this store.
One of the two of them...
...isn't going to earn many points, huh?
Points?
The situation is clear. You Fire Fighters pull back.
We'll start with the live one. Leave the one with fewer points alone.
Excuse me, Mr. Fireman, my husband is patiently enduring those flames.
Please put him out of his misery quickly.
There is an order of precedence we follow at a scene.
You let us handle the arrangements of putting him to rest.
Let's go!
P-Please, wait!
Excuse me.
Wouldn't that just mean sending only two men in pursuit,
dividing your forces in two, and putting them both to rest?
We are pros. There is such a thing as on-site judgment.
You mean points?
That's right.
By assigning rankings to Infernals, and awarding points based on results,
I can maintain my men's morale.
Maintain their morale?
Morale doesn't mean a damn when putting a person to rest, does it?
Don't second-guess our job, amateur.
You Fire Fighters just get ready with the water.
Nobuo-san, hang in there. Just hang in there.
I'm sorry I can't do anything for you.
Ma'am, if you like, I could take it upon myself
to put your husband to rest.
Please, allow me.
"Tokyo Fire Defense Agency"
What are you planning to do?
Who are you?
Sergeant Takehisa Hinawa, Tokyo Imperial Armed Forces.
"Episode 11: Formation of Special Fire Force Company 8"
Beyond here is Blue Stripes territory.
If a soldier like you or a Fire Fighter like me crosses this tape,
we will be severely punished.
Compared to the suffering of the Infernal inside,
accepting punishment is no skin off my nose.
You think so, too, don't you?
Sergeant Hinawa, do you have any experience fighting Infernals?
I turned my gun on a friend who became an Infernal the other day...
...but I couldn't shoot him.
I am not a pious follower of Sol.
Nonetheless, I could not shoot him with an unbaptized gun.
Infernal sighted.
Sergeant Hinawa, it's not about whether or not I believe in God,
but how much I can do for the sake of a dying Infernal that I believe is important.
Baptisms and prayers are a part of that belief.
And they're also salvation to those who put Infernals to rest.
I'll do it.
The flame is the soul's breath. The black smoke is the soul's release.
Ashes thou wert and art. May thy soul...
Sergeant Hinawa, you are a kind man.
You have courage.
You're the one who has courage.
If you hadn't taken action, I likely wouldn't have done anything.
Making up your mind to move forward on your own isn't that difficult.
It's easy to believe in yourself, after all.
But trusting in someone else, taking action, and sacrificing yourself
are things that require a tremendous amount of courage.
Today, Sergeant Hinawa, that courage... was yours.
If so, then you're the king.
That settles it!
I'm going to establish a Special Fire Force company.
I want to be a Special Fire Soldier, and pursue the mystery of Infernals.
How can I sit back and do nothing while the world burns down around me?
I'm going to need men like you in my company,
who cherish life above anything else.
When that time arrives, by all means, reach out to me.
"Solar Year 197"
This is the fire cathedral that will serve as our base.
It's as run-down as you'd expect of the dwelling of a bunch of outcasts.
So, are we the only two crewmen?
Oh, well...
Gathering crewmen I can trust is quite a difficult task.
As it happens, I have a line on someone.
A subordinate from my soldier days.
Someone who works harder than anyone,
but who wasn't much use as a soldier.
Who is more compassionate, and thinks of others before herself,
which makes her a good fit for your 8th.
Huh?
Oh, yeah?
Way to go, Maki-san.
Huh? I thought I was only brought in to be a meat shield because of my ability.
Lieutenant, you said that?
I'm so happy... Lieutenant, nicely done.
The heart of the 8th remains unchanged since its founding--
respect and prayers for the Infernals we put to rest,
deliverance from the flames for those who are alive,
and cherishing human lives.
"Inquiry Report"
This is kind of turning into a long story,
but this was the 8th's first fire scene.
It was a hot day.
It was our first call out, and we were all nervous.
The victim who had Infernalized was dressed all in white.
We put them to rest without incident,
but there were a lot of suspicious factors about that fire.
An unfamiliar red cross...
No next of kin. The company where they worked
hurriedly came to collect their personal effects.
Looking into it, that business still exists.
It's located in Asakusa.
That's the 7th's jurisdiction.
--Come on by, come on by! We have Hoppy, cheap!
--Yo, Beni-chan! --Come on by, come on by! We have Hoppy, cheap!
--We have monjayaki, monja, and beer, too!
--Hello there, Waka, sir. --We have monjayaki, monja, and beer, too!
Benimaru-chan!
I made some daifuku. Take some with you.
Huh? Don't I always say I don't like sweets, you old biddy?
She makes too much.
Yo, Beni-chan! Haven't seen you in three days. You doing all right?
Come have a drink with me tonight!
Buzz off.
Daifuku from the old biddy. Anyone who wants one, help yourself.
I love that die-hard old hag's daifuku!
An old lady who can't make daifuku would be better off dead!
Hinata, Hikage... Now, look...
What is it, Waka? We aren't listening to any complaints.
They're just parroting you, Waka.
"Lieutenant" "Third-generation pyrokinetic" "Sagamiya Konro"
I'm not listening to any complaints.
You see? Right there.
These daifuku are delicious! The last glimmer of a die-hard old biddy.
The light of a dying old hag is tasty!
I never said anything like that.
By the way, Waka, we just got word from the folks at the 8th.
They say they want to search our jurisdiction over that Evangelist matter.
Too much trouble. Ignore them.
Begging your pardon, but we're already here.
Huh?
"Episode 11: The Mightiest Hikeshi"
What do you think you're doing barging your way in here?
I heard that Captain Shinmon Benimaru hated the bother of formalities,
and we decided to just come over directly.
So you've come here unannounced. Fine.
And I don't care a bit about this Evangelist investigation,
but I can't have anyone coming in to disrupt my turf.
The Evangelist is artificially producing Infernals.
There's a possibility that the people of this area will be the next target.
That's what the empire says, right?
It's not like I've ever actually seen one of them turn a person
into an Infernal, myself.
I'm not so naive that I believe that.
Well, I have seen it myself!
It doesn't matter to me what some imperial dog saw.
I don't need to hear any tales from a credulous pup.
And I don't need to hear that from some incredulous do-nothing.
Captain of the 7th, sir, you're the mightiest Fire Soldier, aren't you?
So powerful that you forced the empire to acknowledge your town's hikeshi force?
Well now it's my turn to kick your ass and make you acknowledge me!
"Fires and fistfights are the flowers of Edo," huh?
Fire! Fire! Fire!
An Infernal?
You had to go and jinx us, Waka.
Damn it.
Beat it on out of here before I get back.
That must be it.
Who is it?
The ever-ostentatious Kantaro.
He just barely invited me to have a drink with him.
Kantaro over on Block 3 has turned Infernal!
Seiya! Soiya! Seiya! Soiya! Seiya! Soiya! Seiya!
What's he planning to do?
The festival is beginning!
Those homes!
He flew away.
What kind of ability does their captain have?
There you are, you old coot!
--Waka! --Waka!
Another block!
We can rebuild houses as much as we need to.
But now that Kantaro has become an Infernal, his life is over.
What's going on? Is he starting fires and controlling the flames?
There may be a trick to those matoi he's using.
Waka can use both third-generation pyrokinetic
and second-generation flame manipulation abilities.
Creating fires and controlling them are a piece of cake for him.
He's a compound Fire Soldier, unlike any other.
"Compound Fire Soldier" "Shinmon Benimaru"
Look at this, Kantaro! The whole block is a mess!
You're much too old to be running around like this, you old coot!
This is just like you--always so ostentatious. Aren't you?
Way to hang in there.
Thank you for letting me see Kantaro through to the end.
Did Benimaru-chan's way of putting someone to rest
strike an 8th Fire Soldier like yourself as being too rough?
Just as the Holy Sol religion offers its prayers,
we have our destroyed block offerings.
Everyone in our world is terrified by the flames of Infernalization,
and are looking for a place to die.
As far as the people here go, if we have to die anyway,
we want to have Benimaru-chan be the one putting us to rest.
Shinmon Benimaru, the demolishing king of Asakusa.
Too sweet.
"To be continued"
You can toil your way through humorless days
and curse the unwavering present,
but words that simply hang in the air
are not enough to save you
We've been walking shoulder-to-shoulder
between sights we never reach
and pain that brings no warmth
to make it to a faraway place
Given the hope that you speak of
or the ideals that you dream of
I'll find a way to show you love, however cold you may be
You can toil your way through humorless days
and curse the unwavering present,
but words that simply hang in the air
are not enough to save you You can cry out timidly
but that changes when the nights grow fevered
Even if we let go of each other's hands,
I hope we can still walk together again
I'll refrain from saying goodbye
to ensure that we can meet again somewhere
"Next time"
"Episode 12: Eve of Hostilities in Asakusa"